Guide: Storage for deployments (#10150)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/guides/deployment/storage-guide.md

---
description: Store your flow code
tags:
    - guides
    - guide
    - flow code
    - storage
    - code storage
    - repository
    - github
    - git
    - gitlab
    - bitbucket
    - s3
    - azure
    - blob storage
    - bucket
    - AWS
    - GCP
    - GCS
    - Google Cloud Storage
    - Azure Blob Storage
    - Docker
    - storage  
search:
  boost: 2
---

# Where to Store Your Flow Code

> When a deployment runs the execution environment needs access to the flow code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a flow runs, the execution environment needs access to it's code. 
```

Flow code is not stored in a Prefect server database instance or Prefect Cloud. 

> When creating a deployment, you have several flow code storage options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying a flow, you have several flow code storage options.
```

## Option 1: Local storage

Local flow code storage is often used with a Local Subprocess work pool for initial experimentation. 

> To create a deployment with local storage and a Local Subprocess work pool do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a deployment with local storage and a Local Subprocess work pool, do the following:
```

1. Run `prefect deploy` from the root of the directory containing your flow code.
1. Select that you want to create a new deployment, select the flow code entrypoint, and name your deployment. 
1. Select a *process* work pool. 

You are then shown the location that your flow code will be fetched from when a flow is run. 
For example:

<div class="terminal">
```bash
Your Prefect workers will attempt to load your flow from: 
/my-path/my-flow-file.py. To see more options for managing your flow's code, run:

    $ prefect project recipes ls
```
</div>

> When deploying a flow to production, you most likely want code to be capable of running on infrastructure other than your local machine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying a flow to production, you most likely want code to run with infrastructure-specific configuration. 
```

> When creating a production deployment you most likely want code to be capable of running on infrastructure other than your local machine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying a flow to production, you most likely want code to be capable of running on infrastructure other than your local machine. 
```

The flow code storage options shown below are recommended for production deployments.

## Option 2: Git-based storage

Git-based version control platforms are popular locations for code storage. 

> This solution provides redundancy, version control, and easier collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They provide redundancy, version control, and easier collaboration.
```

[GitLab](https://www.gitlab.com) and [Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org/) are other popular options. 
Prefect supports each of these platforms.

### Creating a deployment with git-based storage

Run `prefect deploy` from within a git repository and create a new deployment. You will see a series of prompts. Select that you want to create a new deployment, select the flow code entrypoint, and name your deployment.

Prefect detects that you are in a git repository and asks if you want to store your flow code in a git repository. Select "y" and you will be prompted to confirm the URL of your git repository and the branch name, as in the example below:

<div class="terminal">
```bash
? Your Prefect workers will need access to this flow's code in order to run it. 
Would you like your workers to pull your flow code from its remote repository when running this flow? [y/n] (y): 
? Is https://github.com/my_username/my_repo.git the correct URL to pull your flow code from? [y/n] (y): 
? Is main the correct branch to pull your flow code from? [y/n] (y): 
? Is this a private repository? [y/n]: y
```
</div>

> In this example the git repository is hosted on GitHub. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the git repository is hosted on GitHub. 
```
